Link and owncloud tld fixes (#3850)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/general_topics/general_troubleshooting.adoc

== Introduction

If you have trouble installing, configuring or maintaining ownCloud,
please refer to our community support channel:

* {central-url}[The ownCloud Forum]

NOTE: The ownCloud forum have a https://owncloud.com/faq/[FAQ category]
where each topic corresponds to typical errors or frequently occurring issues.

Please understand that this channel essentially consist of users

> like you helping each other out. Consider helping others out where you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like you helping each other. Consider helping others when you
```

> can, to contribute back for the help you get. This is the only way to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can in return for the help you get. This is the only way to
```
